Ahhh
I'm not leaving, I have to pick up my mom
OK
I'm calling seven years now and asking him to come over
He's not my mom.
Mom bought me a bear
That Woman
To trick you into calling him mom
He tried to approach me through the guards
I want to call him mom
He is so warm
Like mom
Xiaorui
Although I don't like Qi Jingyan
But he is your biological mother
He loves you too
You are so casual
Recognize a completely unrelated person as a mother
Dear, do you live up to his oath and come back?
Useless thing
What's the use of giving birth to you?
What else do you know besides this Lhasa?
The meaning of your life in this world
Just to upset me
Drag me down
Xiao Rui, why are you so careless?
Xiao Chen, what's wrong with your hand?
Zhang Ma, bring the burn cream first
Yes ma'am, I'll go right away
How could you die?
I asked you to leave your father in the room
Don't you understand?
October pregnancy
I ate something you have no conscience
Never ate with me since I was a child
It's all you
Never liked me in the dark night of the code
I don't like him!
I like mom.
I won't leave until I see my mother
Mr. Liu, please come to Sucheng to find it.
Check it for me.
Has Xiaorui's condition worsened in the last month?
Can accompany
Contact Zuoyan.
Let him come right away
Good company commander
Contact now